Add Apache Pulsar doc (#1272)
jhipster/jhipster.github.io: pages/using_pulsar.md

---
layout: default
title: Using Pulsar
permalink: /using-pulsar/
redirect_from:
  - /using_pulsar.html
sitemap:
    priority: 0.7
    lastmod: 2019-10-30T00:00:00-00:00
---

# <i class="fa fa-envelope"></i> Using Pulsar

## Features

[Pulsar](http://pulsar.apache.org/) is a popular publish-subscribe messaging system that supports both streaming and queueing use-cases. JHipster has an optional support for Pulsar, that will:

- Configure [Pulsar clients](https://pulsar.apache.org/docs/2.11.x/client-libraries-java/) with JHipster.
- Generate a Docker Compose configuration file, so Pulsar is usable by typing `docker-compose -f src/main/docker/pulsar.yml up -d`.
- Generate an integration test using the [Spring Cloud Stream](https://docs.spring.io/spring-cloud-stream/docs/current/reference/html/) Pulsar binder and [Testcontainers](https://www.testcontainers.org/).

## Prerequisite

Generate a new application and make sure to select `Asynchronous messages using Apache Pulsar` when prompted for technologies you would like to use. A Docker Compose configuration file is generated and you can start Pulsar with the command:

> `docker-compose -f src/main/docker/pulsar.yml up -d`

Reviewer: This should be a code block with three backticks.

Author: done

## Usage

> Check the [Spring for Apache Pulsar documentation](https://docs.spring.io/spring-pulsar/docs/0.2.0/reference/html/) for how to use Pulsar in JHipster.

Reviewer 2: The versioned link should be outdated quickly and we use dependabot auto update, I think it's better to use current and add the versioned documentation at README.md.
```suggestion
Check the [Spring for Apache Pulsar documentation](https://docs.spring.io/spring-pulsar/docs/current/reference/html/) (prefer the versioned pulsar documentation link generated at your application's README.md) for how to use Pulsar in JHipster.
```
